adds docker note to readme (#23)
deephaven/examples: README.md

The following folders can be found in this repository:

- **[`DeNiro`](https://people.sc.fsu.edu/~jburkardt/data/csv/csv.html)** - Data on Robert De Niro's movies up to 2016

> - ** docker ** - Dockerfile and script to successfully downloads and mounts all example data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ** docker ** - Dockerfile and script to successfully download and mount all example data
```
